{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: Susan Puren <susan.puren@gmail.com>\
Subject: Andy wookey story\
Date: 24 April 2022 at 08:16:51 SAST\
To: susanpuren.journo@gmail.com\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Hi Susan\
My brother was a Fitter and Turner by trade. He was born in Zimbabwe and qualified there. He moved in to management at a boiler making firm in Zimbabwe and then moved to SA where he worked as a senior sales manager for a boiler firm. He then started his own small construction company. He was a strong Christian and met Zaheera at the church he attended. She targeted him and after a short time of getting to know her, she pressured him to marry. Within two weeks of the marriage, he found out that a warrant for her arrest had been issued for fraud and that she had hoped to evade police by taking his surname. She was duly arrested and jailed pending her trial. No bail was granted as she had already broken bail. Even though my brother knew he had been duped, he remained loyal to her. The case was dropped due to insufficient evidence as a witness didn't arrive. My brother and Zaheera continued living in the same house in Walkerville even though he was about to divorce her. They each used a separate section of the house to remain separate. Zaheera desperately wanted the house as Walkerville was her family home. The house was in my brother's name. Although they were supposed to cook separately, she kept preparing him curries saying she had cooked too much for herself. He ate the curries. After a time he became very ill and was hospitalised with liver failure. He started to suspect she had been poisoning him and he told me and my sister this before he died. My brother never drank alcohol so it was strange that his liver was failing and he had all the symptoms of hepatitis, but tests were negative. She kept visiting him in hospital and bringing food even though he was on a very strict zero fat diet for his liver. She brought very rich food and kept persisting he ate it. He told the hospital he did not want her visiting, but they still allowed her as the wife even though we told them they were divorcing.\'a0 She tried to have us banned from visits too. My brother died in hospital and I opened a case of suspected murder with the police and they had an autopsy carried out by the state pathologist. Samples were sent to the police forensic labs for testing for toxins, although the pathologist said that only heavy metal toxins would show and any organic poisons would\'a0 not show up. Because of the backlog in the Pretoria labs we were told it could take 10-15 years to get the results. We haven't heard anything since. Our evidence is hearsay and only suspicion, however the rest of the cases and family history does make us feel strongly that she was to blame for my brother's death. My brother had made out a will leaving everything to my sister, but Zaheera had full access to the house and all his things whilst he was in hospital. When we searched the house, we could not find the will so she inherited everything including pension, policies, the house and cars as the legal wife.\
My brother made a huge mistake in taking pity on a woman who he didn't love but felt sorry for. It cost me his life. He was the kindest soul and our family miss him a lot, but we don't want to get involved with Zaheera or her family. We hope she is locked away forever but we have little evidence to assist in that. I just hope the other cases are strong.\'a0\
I hope this has helped in some small way.\
With kind regards\
Steve Wookey\
}